>> Steve Kinney: Another one we
talked about is again, I said before,
like that text generation is
interesting because it is almost.
And we'll see this visually in
a little bit with the text generation,
it's only looking at the past and it's
making up the future as it goes along,
just like most of us.
Fill mask is an interesting one.
Bert kind of acts differently than GPT.
BERT's job is to look to the left and
look to the right, right?
And use not only so
like a film mask is effectively,
instead of coming up with what is
the next word, you're in the middle.
You've got the words that come after,
you've got the words that come before.
Given looking both directions,
what is the most likely fill in the blank?
It's not necessarily Mad Libs,
because that would just be random, but
this is trying to statistically
guess what the right mad lib is.
Looking at the entire mad Lib.
Before you give your nouns and
verbs, the one thing to be mindful
of is depending on the model,
what they use as the mask.
This is the token that is
like fill in the blank.
You do need to look at the docs for
whichever one you're using and
figure out what the right one is.
Here's some strings that we can use for.
Again, I chose purposely to
use the default models for
all of these because one,
they are small and two, they are the ones.
If you didn't specify something,
what you would get.
It seemed like
the responsible thing to do.
And so obviously we can have one at the.
Is that actually not
the end of the sentence?
Because that period is a token, but
given the context of the sentence.
And again, when we get to attention and
transformers in a little bit,
we'll actually see how
this works under the hood.
But right now,
let's just see it in practice.
First, Python is a popular blank language.
Machine learning is a subset
of blank intelligence.
The blank of gravity was
discovered by Newton and
Shakespeare wrote the play Blank, right?
And so it will use the context
of the words around it,
which is not what GPT does, right?
It's what Bert does.
Why someone didn't make a model
called Ernie, I don't know.
So we'll run this real quick
as it downloads the model.
How big is this?
331 megs.
And so at this point we have it giving
a bunch of guesses as it goes along.
So where I said top K is three,
that's why you will see three guesses and
you're like, what is top K?
There are slides.
They're coming.
I Promise you.
But in this case, the good enough
right now answer is we're asking for
the three most likely choices and this
is arguably for these very factual ones.
We can change the argument for
this very factual one.
You probably definitely don't want
to give it a lot of temperature and
guesswork on what the capital
of France is, right?
The thing it was the most confident about
by an order of magnitude was Paris.
But if you tell it to keep going,
it's wrong.
>> Speaker 2: How do you find
the right type of model for
what you're trying to do?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, so
if you go in there, you're looking for
the right type model, right?
Like a lot of times for obviously for what
you're trying to do, whether it's text
generation, obviously there's 42
different tags or whatever, right?
They are classified,
tagged in some way, shape or form.
It's called tasks is
the term they're using.
It doesn't feel like the right term,
but tasks is the term.
So if you are just looking for all of
the zero shot classification models,
you can go into hugging face, you go into
the models, you go into the task and
you hit all right, here are the ones that
have been labeled that they are good at or
tuned for zero shot image classifications.
You can also pick like hey,
I want to do text to text and
I want to do that's zero
shot image classification.
If I wanted to do.
I think there was a question answering
one document question answering,
you will get the models
that are suited for that.
And then like most libraries,
it becomes a game of what vanity
metrics are you interested in, right?
There are some very real vanity.
Well, not vanity metrics.
The real metrics of like how big is it,
how many parameters does it have,
when was it updated?
Then you start playing the game
of downloads and likes, right?
In the same way, if I am looking for
what NPM package I'm going to use,
sometimes it is open them all up on
npmjs.org which everyone has the most
downloads and has been updated
recently is the one that I try first.
But yeah, to the question of
how do I find other models?
A lot of times they have been
kind of labeled and tagged for
that given I guess task is
the right word after all.
It doesn't feel very fulfilling as
being the answer, but allegedly.
But yeah, you go in there, you can find
it for what you're looking for and
then you play a game of whether you want
to do it by trending most downloads,
most likes, recently updated,
so on and so forth and
kind of do that piece after that size and
again, if nobody's using it, especially in
a world where anyone can pull down
a model, fine tune it and push it up.
You have nothing wrong with that,
but you probably want the base ones.
In a lot of cases I think you can usually
see if it is forked from another model,
so on and so forth.
Yeah, the model tree.
And you can see what models it comes from,
so on and so forth.
So this is one that is pretty popular.
No, not that one per se.
But you can see where they're forced from,
so on and so forth.
But then it becomes.
Yeah, like I said before,
size obviously matters.
Memory footprint parameters is gonna
be more than memory footprint,
which is going to be the limiting factor
before download size is ever gonna be
the thing that hurts you.
And then it becomes the usage.
And the way you would evaluate any library
but task is apparently the right answer to
that question mark just
doesn't feel very fulfilling.
Cool, so, yeah, we've got the various
things that it fills in here.
As you can see, Python is the most
popular Python language, but
it did give that incredibly low score.
So you would set thresholds obviously,
which again can just become
a greater than, a less than symbol.
In your code, the law of gravity
was governed by Newton's theory,
center of gravity, but again they get
increasingly lower as time goes on.
That one I'm at,
it's not a lot of text in a tiny model.
I don't feel good about that one, but
it doesn't feel particularly better about
that one than the other ones either.
So there's that a part of
this is like I said before,
the GPT models were not necessarily
trained to look both ways.
The BERT family of models were
And some of that both is in terms of
the training debt, the training data, and
then also the architecture of the model.
When we see the GPT models later,
effectively one of the things they do
is when you look at the score of
a word and how closely it is related.
The GPT models intentionally
just nerf every future word.
So they're all given
a negative infinity score.
And that's how you keep it
from looking forward and
only thinking about the previous
words as you generate the next one.
The BERT ones are kind of set up to weight
things, so you look on both sides and
get the right answer.
And so that's where the art of that, like
why some models are good at some things
and some are not, is they are either
the architecture of that model or
the tuning of said model
is what gets you there.
Cool.
Then we've got summarization.
This one kind of does
what you think it does.
You can do stuff like the max length and
the min length and
stuff along those lines, but
it will take strings of text.
It will take the parameters you set,
it will do the thing.